Force leaders (#305)
tarantool/ansible-cartridge: doc/rolling_update.md

* `replicaset_leaders` (`dict`): describes the mapping between replica sets
and leaders aliases;
* `force_inconsistency` (`bool`): make promotion forcefully, don't wait for the
consistent switchover.

This playbook says: **Promote leaders directly to these instances**:

```yml
- name: Promote storages leaders to replicas
  hosts: all
  roles:
    - tarantool.cartridge
  become: true
  become_user: root
  gather_facts: false
  vars:
    cartridge_scenario:
      - failover_promote
    cartridge_failover_promote_params:
      force_inconsistency: true
      replicasets_leaders:
        storage-1: storage-1-replica
        storage-2: storage-2-replica
```

### Using `force_leaders` step

To specify leaders that should be promoted Ansible limit is used.
`cartridge_failover_promote_params` variable can be used to specify other
parameters:

* `force_inconsistency` (`bool`): make promotion forcefully, don't wait for the
consistent switchover.

For example, you want to switch all leaders to data center 1.
You have group `DC1` in your inventory that describes which instances belong to
this data center.

Just specify this group in `hosts` parameters of the play or use `--limit` option

> on playbook running.

Reviewer: Maybe it's better:
```suggestion
when starting the playbook.
```

Leaders are chosen by these rules:

* each play host that doesn't belong to replicaset is ignored;
* all instances that has status other than `alive` are ignored;

> * if play hosts contain two instances from one replicaset, then one with higher

Reviewer: Only two instances? Three instances is impossible?

  failover priority is chosen;
* if all instances on one replicaset present in play hosts aren't alive, promotion

>   is performed for the rest instances, but task fails with critical warnings;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* if all play hosts with the same replicaset are not alive, promotion
  is performed for the remaining instances, but task fails with critical error;
```
